c:\Projects\AtualizaProperties\Atualiza Properties\Atualiza Properties\bin\Debug\Atualiza Properties.exe.config
c:\Projects\AtualizaProperties\Atualiza Properties\Atualiza Properties\bin\Debug\Atualiza Properties.exe
c:\Projects\AtualizaProperties\Atualiza Properties\Atualiza Properties\bin\Debug\Atualiza Properties.pdb
c:\Projects\AtualizaProperties\Atualiza Properties\Atualiza Properties\obj\Debug\Atualiza Properties.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Projects\AtualizaProperties\Atualiza Properties\Atualiza Properties\obj\Debug\Atualiza_Properties.Form1.resources
c:\Projects\AtualizaProperties\Atualiza Properties\Atualiza Properties\obj\Debug\Atualiza_Properties.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Projects\AtualizaProperties\Atualiza Properties\Atualiza Properties\obj\Debug\Atualiza Properties.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
c:\Projects\AtualizaProperties\Atualiza Properties\Atualiza Properties\obj\Debug\Atualiza Properties.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Projects\AtualizaProperties\Atualiza Properties\Atualiza Properties\obj\Debug\Atualiza Properties.exe
c:\Projects\AtualizaProperties\Atualiza Properties\Atualiza Properties\obj\Debug\Atualiza Properties.pdb
c:\Projects\AtualizaProperties\Atualiza Properties\Atualiza Properties\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Projects\AtualizaProperties\Atualiza Properties\Atualiza Properties\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Projects\AtualizaProperties\Atualiza Properties\Atualiza Properties\obj\Debug\Atualiza Properties.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Projects\AtualizaProperties\Atualiza Properties\Atualiza Properties\bin\Debug\Daishi.Microservices.Components.Serialisation.dll
C:\Projects\localizaProperties\Atualiza Properties\Atualiza Properties\bin\Debug\Atualiza Properties.exe.config
C:\Projects\localizaProperties\Atualiza Properties\Atualiza Properties\bin\Debug\Atualiza Properties.exe
C:\Projects\localizaProperties\Atualiza Properties\Atualiza Properties\bin\Debug\Atualiza Properties.pdb
C:\Projects\localizaProperties\Atualiza Properties\Atualiza Properties\bin\Debug\Daishi.Microservices.Components.Serialisation.dll
C:\Projects\localizaProperties\Atualiza Properties\Atualiza Properties\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Projects\localizaProperties\Atualiza Properties\Atualiza Properties\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Projects\localizaProperties\Atualiza Properties\Atualiza Properties\obj\Debug\Atualiza Properties.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Projects\localizaProperties\Atualiza Properties\Atualiza Properties\obj\Debug\Atualiza_Properties.Form1.resources
C:\Projects\localizaProperties\Atualiza Properties\Atualiza Properties\obj\Debug\Atualiza_Properties.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Projects\localizaProperties\Atualiza Properties\Atualiza Properties\obj\Debug\Atualiza Properties.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Projects\localizaProperties\Atualiza Properties\Atualiza Properties\obj\Debug\Atualiza Properties.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Projects\localizaProperties\Atualiza Properties\Atualiza Properties\obj\Debug\Atualiza Properties.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Projects\localizaProperties\Atualiza Properties\Atualiza Properties\obj\Debug\Atualiza Properties.exe
C:\Projects\localizaProperties\Atualiza Properties\Atualiza Properties\obj\Debug\Atualiza Properties.pdb
